air pressure gauge
indicator light
flash indicator
circuit board
lens assembly
dial
led
on led
switch lever
electric start harness
electric start harness
electric start harness
electric start harness
circuit board cluster
circuit board cluster
circuit board cluster
circuit board cluster
circuit board
circuit board
circuit board
circuit board
heating element switch piece
main circuit board
main circuit board
main circuit board
main circuit board
main circuit board
main circuit board
handle top
handle top
handle top
handle top
steam control dial
handle bottom
handle bottom
handle bottom
handle bottom
temperature control knob
temperature control knob
feet position indicator
feet position indicator
feet position indicator
feet position indicator
drive shaft
drive shaft
drive shaft
drive shaft
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
steam chamber and hot plate
control tab
strain gauge
strain gauge
strain gauge
strain gauge
circuit board
circuit board
circuit board
circuit board
circuit board
circuit board
blade
top transparent lid
floating ball
water window
switch
switch
Endstop Switch
Button
LED board
Home Button
Circuit board
